there's this belief I think that's
pervasive throughout society that
celebrities let's say have it all right
and that they're able to kind of have
the world as their oyster but the truth
is in my experience having been very
close to a lot of these big stars is
that I've never met a more depressed
group of people who are more broken
internally who don't know who to trust
and who really have their life kind of
in shambles in the most personal ways
that was just something I recognized
early on in my career and it made me
second guess my own desire to be in that
industry but the same time I was a young
dad who was focused on I need to make
money I'm lucky to be here I've got a
great job that's you know really paying
me well I need to protect that for my
kids and that's something that a lot of
people convince themselves you know sort
of that that manufactured consent of
silence is borne through that excuse in
your head that oh well I need the money
to take care of my family